This is a Plex channel plugin that pulls in Movie and TV Episodes from the website Movie2k.to now moved to Movie4k.to.

To use Tor proxy you will have to download and install Tor on your Plex Media Server machine (Should work for fine Windows, OSX, Linux).  To get the IP changer to work you will need to put in a password and enable Generate Tor Hashed Password.  You will need to next look in your com.plexapp.plugins.movie2k.log file to get your hashed password, copy and past it into the torrc file found in the Tor Browser folder \Data\Tor...  Just past it at to bottom of the file.  You will see a log statment with - Example:
HashedControlPassword 16:C66BF3B72C28938B607CE71CC9949A2AF2AE579A0A54A8182439BFD982

To get the Plex transcoder to use Tor proxy server on Windows use an app like Proxifier it forces all net traffic to Tor when set up.  For OSX and Linux not real sure at the moment for a redirect method for Plex transcoder to Tor proxy.

Tor Link: https://www.torproject.org/download/download-easy.html
Proxifier Link: http://www.proxifier.com/

Make sure you have Tor Proxy server running before you try to use the plugin if it's enabled.

Also, added the two proxy servers that where set up for movie2k.to.  They are still in use.  You can now change the Site URL in the Preferences to one of the two proxy servers.  This can be used if the www.movie4k.to site URL is being blocked.  This has no effect on Host site URLs only MOVIE4k.  Only proxy effects on Host sites will be using the Tor setup.

The User Name and Password for My Movie4k allows you to get your messages and see your current uploads.  If the uploads are accecpted you can watch them.

The Debug Options are for testing Host sites.  You will have to put in the "Debug Host Name" with either the "Debug Host URL" or "Debug Movie2k URL".  This will allow you to see what errors are thrown in the log file if a Host site has changed their code structure.

Sometimes the plugin might error and this could be do to a timeout error trying to load the content.  Try to load it again and it might take a few tries depending on the internet connection.  Also, it might take bit to load the content so be patient and allow the content to load.

This plugin has been tested fully on the Roku and the Expermental Transcoder works properly now.

The Trailer Addict search does not show up in Plex Web do to the way search is handled but works fine on the Roku.  Only search function in Plex Web is Movie4k.  The Expermental Transcoder does work for Trailer Addict on the Roku.

To enter My Favorite Movie4k URL, Parental Lock password or Captcha text, Roku users must be using version 2.6.6 of the Plex Roku Channel (currently the PlexTest channel)  You can use the Roku online remote control to enter your Movie4k URLs.  It can be found here: http://www.remoku.tv/